{
  "quotes": [
    "The best football I played was in Mainz and Dortmund, but the best moment I had was at Liverpool.",
    "In football, you cannot change the past, but you can influence the future.",
    "We have to be more than just good, we have to be perfect.",
    "The only thing I want is to win games and trophies. The rest is just noise.",
    "I am not a genius, I am just a very good football manager.",
    "The players need to feel the passion. They need to understand it’s not about us, it’s about the team.",
    "Football is a game of mistakes. Whoever makes the fewest mistakes will win.",
    "I don't think there is a limit for how good we can be.",
    "The world is full of people who want to tell you how to do things, but the truth is, you have to trust yourself.",
    "We have to fight, we have to work. That’s the only way.",
    "I love the way this team plays, it makes me proud.",
    "If we don’t win, we learn. But it’s better to learn while winning.",
    "We have to be as greedy as we can to win.",
    "We are not perfect, but we are trying to be.",
    "I am a fan of passion, and I am a fan of football.",
    "You need character to win games, and we have character.",
    "Football is simple, but it’s not easy.",
    "I don't care if it's pretty, I just want to win.",
    "The team is the most important thing. We win and lose as a team.",
    "You can have a good team, but the right mentality is what makes a great team.",
    "I’m not a person who thinks that a football game is over until the last whistle.",
    "The best way to predict the future is to create it.",
    "We want to play our football. We want to play our way.",
    "Football is about emotions, and I’m an emotional person.",
    "I am not interested in history. I am interested in what we can achieve now.",
    "Success is not something you can buy, you have to earn it.",
    "We play for the people, we play for the fans.",
    "Our job is to keep improving and to keep showing the world what we can do.",
    "It's not always about having the ball, it's about what you do without it.",
    "We have to keep going, keep working, and keep believing.",
    "I love being the underdog, it gives me a special kind of energy.",
    "It's not about being the best, it's about being better than you were yesterday.",
    "I have to be honest, I am still a bit of a dreamer.",
    "You can't change the past, but you can always shape the future.",
    "In football, the impossible is always possible.",
    "We need to be brave, we need to be confident, and we need to believe.",
    "The most important thing is that we never stop fighting.",
    "You have to be focused for 90 minutes, there’s no time to relax in football.",
    "My biggest motivation is to help my players improve.",
    "I don't think there is any secret. We just work hard every day.",
    "You don't need to be perfect, but you have to give everything.",
    "We don’t want to be a team that is just successful once, we want to be consistently successful.",
    "I’m not interested in what we’ve done, I’m interested in what we can still achieve.",
    "The best thing we can do is believe in our ability.",
    "We are not just a team, we are a family.",
    "Every challenge is an opportunity to show what you are made of.",
    "When you play in a team, the goal is not just about scoring, it’s about creating opportunities for others."
  ]
}
